docfix for ssh_args FAQ (#79308)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/reference_appendices/faq.rst

How do I get Ansible to notice a dead target in a timely manner?
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> You can add ``-o ServerAliveInterval=NumberOfSeconds`` in ``ssh_args`` parameter from ``[ssh_connection]`` section of ``ansible.cfg``. Without this option,

Reviewer: ansible.cfg is just 'one way' to do it, I would just point/link to the ssh plugin setting.

Author: should I use this link ?  [ssh_plugin](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible-core/devel/collections/ansible/builtin/ssh_connection.html#parameter-ssh_args)

Reviewer: yep, that point at all the ways you can configure this, not just the ansible.cfg entry

> You can add ``-o ServerAliveInterval=NumberOfSeconds`` in ``ssh_args`` parameter of `SSH connection plugin <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible-core/devel/collections/ansible/builtin/ssh_connection.html#parameter-ssh_args>`_. Without this option,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can add ``-o ServerAliveInterval=NumberOfSeconds`` with the ``ssh_args`` parameter in `SSH connection plugin <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible-core/devel/collections/ansible/builtin/ssh_connection.html#parameter-ssh_args>`_. Without this option,
```
